the caffè latte
you put it in a glass this is a small one
caffè latte and then a shot goes
espresso in for the rest milk and one
small layer of foam that I am already
lubricate a flush
cuckoo ticking and you do a lot
cleaning to bake
just a whole cloth with a dry cloth
have stubborn coffee leftovers
kamal of the centuries just under the warm
keep a tap but then you have to
dry well as well because you can
in advance can not be wet-
because then it burns again for you
making espresso as typing
and then go carefully until it's a nice one
is equally distributed
well we temper him put a lock
once whole heart busy from
my shoulder with my arm in the corner
of 90 degrees
weigh well with your flat hand
along the sides at the out
runs
then you can always order the latter
smooth out leftovers and just a little
polishing to we finished and cleaning lady
put prime rib
press the button inside the fire and
to convert
the coffee is ready
but then of course we go the
milk frother I've got my can that again
filled up to this
I steam steam belly what is allowed
that really just blow steam differently
then blow water into your brand that
continues you mark again
put a right angle and you
is that current with border and sound
there on the menu with month that he is hot
answers and that they are the moment
I a deeper in the sky
I create a scenario to you up to three
counting if I now turn with my
can use my wrist for that hot
then you see the milk
gradually glimmer and that there
actually no bubbles in it
if i put all this milk in this you can
let me have it
or just foam or just
milk and of course I want a bit of it
both
I donate so that most
Foam in this can make you sit and for it
least foam my other can is needed
which is also good on the move
my glass with it
very little bit obliquely making it
surface of milk chromed
I start high by pouring through the
crema layer a bit no white spots
the
and then I draw
and if I put it down well then you see
that you have a head of foam about
half an inch so nice and thin
foam comes with a lot of milk and
that's coffee wrong